Basic Instructions

Welcome to Domination!  Thank you for trying this prerelease version.
This file contains a quick overview of how to play the game.

There are three kinds of units: Soldiers, Tanks and Bombers.  Soldiers
have a strong attack and defense, and can move one hex in a turn.
Tanks have a stronger attack than soldiers, but a weaker defense.  They
can move two hexes in a turn.  Bombers have a good attack but a very
weak defense.  They can move eight hexes in a turn but must end the
turn in a city.  If a bomber ends its turn outside a city, it runs out
of fuel and crashes.

Select units by clicking with the left mouse button.  The selected
unit has a turning border instead of a solid border.

Move units by clicking with the left mouse button.  If a unit is
ordered to move further than it can in one turn, it will continue
moving toward its destination on subsequent turns.  A unit that
encounters an enemy unit will stop moving.

Attack a unit adjacent to your selected unit by clicking on the target
with the right mouse button.  Soldiers and bombers can only attack once
per turn, but tanks can attack twice.

When a unit is selected, it can be skipped by pressing the space bar or
selecting "Skip" from the Unit menu.  The unit will not move this turn.
A unit can be put to sleep by pressing "S" or selecting "Sleep" from the
Unit menu.  The unit will not move again until you select it, which wakes
it up.  Pressing "W" or selecting "Wait" from the Unit menu tells a unit
to wait until later to move.  Another unit will be selected and the waiting
unit will get selected later in the turn.

Cities produce new units.  To see what a city is producing, click on the
city hex with the left mouse button.  The unit the city is producing will
appear at the top of the hex information panel at the right side of the
window.  The progress is also shown as two numbers separated by a slash.
The first number is the number of turns that have been spent building the
unit.  The second number is the number of turns remaining.  When a city
is selected, the unit being produced can be changed by selecting the
desired unit type from the Game/City Production menu.

When all units have been given orders, the game will ask you to press the
enter key (you can also select "End Turn" from the Game menu).  Before
doing so, you may select units and give new orders, or select cities and
change unit production.