  This is the second released version of Domination.  Unfortunately, packaging
errors prevented version 0.1 from working, but this version will be tested in
jar form to guarantee full functionality in that package.  Since the previous
version was never really seen by users, and since this version is a nearly
complete rewrite of the system, it's difficult to discuss changes since the
last version.  Nevertheless here is a summary.

  Version 0.2 restructures the architecture into a MVC like alignment.  This is
a PARC-style MVC, where the controller only relays commands to the model, with
the addition of a separate thread to process turns and move from one player to
another, or from one unit to another.

  The AI system has been redesigned to work with the new turn system, and
rewritten in the process.  Computer players no longer have access to information
unavailble to human players.  They are now limited by a shadow map in exactly
the same way as a human.

  Numerous graphics glitches and bugs have been resolved.

New bugs for 0.2
 X Release notes, including bug list, should be visible.
 X Logging should run off a config file.
 X Viewport doesn't always scroll to show movement.
 X No message while computer player is moving.
 X Units get extra moves at end of turn
 X Viewport doesn't always scroll to show area around selected unit.
 X Units lose paths at end of turn.
 X Clicking early moves the next unit?
 X Minimap has no viewport rectangle
 X Units keep attacking cities?
 X Skipped units get selected at end of turn.
 X Move directly into empty cities.
 X Player with no units gets no turn!
 X No message telling player to end turn.
 X No wait command, to move unit later.
 X City images should be larger than unit images.
 X Game winner panel is not displayed.
 X Enemy units appear in HDP when not visible
 X Selection Rectangle appears over nonvisible hexes.
 X Player can click on computer's turn?
 X My unit attacked twice!
 X Computer unit attacked and died, then hex was left selected and game stopped.
 X City production can't be changed
 X Hex selection doesn't work.
 X City production change doesn't update HexDescriptionPanel.
 X Human player can control neutral units! Or empty cities generate neutrals?
 X When unit is selected, hex should be selected.
 X HDP should draw units damaged.
 X If unit ends in city, city should be selected.
 X Minimap doesn't work.
 X Units don't get built with extra production points.
 X Map doesn't scroll to see enemy attacks.
 X Dead bomber ghosts sometimes stay, invisibly, in a hex.
    
Todo for 0.3
  Use rules engine for unit movement (see JSR 94).
  Show selected unit path.
  Computer planes move three hexes
  Can't click on minimap.
  Dragging X scrollbar draws glitch - but not Y?
  Update SwingView as computer player moves.
  Add current player label to Swing View.
  Fix ugly cities (make city hex image and highlighter).
  Add help.
  Add command-line parsing (jakarta CLI?)

From 0.1:
Bugs/Cleanup/Incidental
  After reload, mini-map doesn't show units.
  Successful attack with no units left doesn't show damage.
20060917 / 0.2
 X Defending unit must move to the top.
 X Scroll to battle site (and wait) before showing any combat.
 X Deselect unit when hex is selected.
 X Units that start movement offscreen don't appear?
 X Slow down combat and make sure every phase is always shown.
 X Explosions sometimes happen after unit movement.
 X Path should be cancelled when an enemy is sighted.
 X Prevent UI interaction outside player's turn!
 X Don't ever scroll to a non-visible hex (on computer's turn)!
 X What's this graphics glitch with no redrawing and a lot of rectangles?
 X Tell player when turn is over ("enter for next turn").
 X Map moves too fast - pause to let user see what's happening.
 X Scroll map to show moving unit's visible area.
20060826
  X Enemy units don't move into visible area, they just appear
  X Exit with M-F, x - not e!
  X Text area is editable
  X Minimap doesn't show difference between visible/explored.
  X Best unit must defend.
  X Minimap shows units in explored but not visible areas.
  X Attacker must always be visible before attack begins.
20060825
  X Selected unit's hex info is not being displayed
  X HexDescriptionPanel shouldn't describe unseen hexes.
  X Selection rectangle draws outside map view boundary.
  X When map scrolls, erase units, move map, then draw units again.
  X HexDescriptionPanel is empty after second click on city hex.
  X HexDescriptionPanel shows production in non-city hex.
  X Minimap should be bigger
Before
  X Loading is broken.
  X Scroll bars don't cover the whole map!  Minimap too.
  X Convert TERRAIN constants into an enum
  X Game begins with selected unit centered
  X Cities disappear when their hex becomes invisible
  X Map doesn't scroll with scroll bars.
  X Destroyed planes don't vanish when movement is complete
  X Units don't move correctly on a large map.
  X Fix clicked hex detection bug.
  X Remove Sprite classes
  X Show abandoned plane explosions (planes end in cities)
  X Separate attack and movement stats (planes)
  X Merge unit stats with unit type stats
Software Structure
  X Pass moving unit into setCounterVisibility, to only check near it.
  X Pass future list into UI methods, which add their tasks to it.
  X Create game thread to perform turn operations sequentially! Use invokeAndWait()
  X Clearly define the interface between game manager and UI.
  X Auto-save every turn
  X Make Wargame a singleton
  X Remove UIState
  X Remove GT Sprite library
  X MVC architecture
Combat system
  Hard/soft attack or defense values
  Ranged attack for artillery
  X Hit points so units can survive combat but be damaged
Movement
  X Multi-hex movement within a turn
  X Multi-turn movement
  X Pathfinding
  X Multi-hex movement
AI
  City defense
  X Seeker computer units
  X Attacking computer units
  X Computer player framework
Game
  Simultaneous turn execution (makes multiplayer simpler)?
  Ships
  Transports
  Unit definition files
  Define allowed terrains for each unit type
  More varied terrains
  Start units close together
  Multiple cities
  Improved map generation
  X Map generation
  X Unit production
  X Planes must end in cities
  X Cities
  X Planes
  X Load/Save
  X Teams
  X End of game
  X Turns
  X Tanks
Look and feel
  Use JTable for MapPane?
  Add multiple zoom levels
  Add sound effects
  Improve sprite graphics
  X Improve minimap
  X Show attack arrow before attack proceeds.
  X Show city production
  X Use message window
  X Add mini map
  X Work with large maps (200x200)
  X Reduce memory requirements of MapPane
  X Sentry mode
  X Center selected unit
  X Spacebar skips selected unit
  X Auto-select next available unit
  X Add movement info to hex description panel
  X UIManager handles hex selection
  X UIManager takes hexes, translates to screen coordinates
  X Fog of war
  X Different mouse buttons for move and attack
  X Hex description panel
  X Map larger than viewport
  X Menu
  X Damaged unit sprites
  X Highlight selected unit
Performance
  X Improve unit movement speed/smoothness
  X Redraw only visibility-modified map hexes
  
  